4/29/22
8-9am: research on how to manipulate 3D perspective with CSS
9-10am: still looking at manipulating perspective, and figuring how I'll do object modeling
10-11am: just found a cool webapp that seems like it'll let me make 3D models with html elements (i think?) testing it out! tridiv.com
11-12: getting tridiv 3d model to display in project
12-1: lunch!
1-2: trying to understand why the models from tridiv aren't importing correctly. might be something to do with position attribute?
2-3: getting closer to having tridiv model to display and animate, still unknown visual glitch happening
3-4: fixed large visual glitch with 3D cyclinder model, still some more minor glitches, got camera slider working again

5/6/22
8:23 - watching linear algebra videos on youtube (math necessary to institute dynamic lighting)
9:49 - implementing a button to turn off box-shadows off some elements, as this is causing an extreme GPU utilization and I want the site to be viewable on older gaming machines, but still want it to look cool with full effects on newer machines. Site probably still wont be viewable on machines without discrete graphics cards. 
10:43 - trying to figure out which CSS style attributes are the most resource hoggy. Behavior is really weird and some box-shadows seem to use more resources than others, at different times??
11:52 - GPU utilization stays high sometimes after reverting changes. I'm wondering if the browser keeps old styles in a cache and continues to run those in the background? In order to see correct, updated GPU utilization data I can restart localhost in a new tab, or change browser dimensions several times, which seems to reset or update something. Lunch time!
1:56 - implementing "eco" mode in javascript. It currently disables a style and causes an entire div to not display
2:53 - tried to move players coloring to it's own class that could be changed easily and quickly with javascript eventListeners, but box-shadow isn't displaying
3:30 - modeling a palm tree out of HTML elements

